Deliverable 1

Product.md
Already discussed (<1min)

      2. Already discussed (<1min)

      3. What’s different about ours (<3min): 
specialized for CSC258, CSC258 is the hardest/most time consuming course in 2nd year, additional aids are being created by is instructors and useful
pre-set educational material rather than ‘build whatever you please’ like logisim
guided practice without needing resources, level up + gamification + engagement

Iteration-01-plan.md - already working copy in our repo
Iteration
Roles and responsibilities
Events
Meeting in person every Friday at 2PM, online if we can’t make it we will meet on the weekend using Google Hangouts
Purpose: discuss progress, review goals, agile etc..
Artifacts
We’ll post a rough overview for responsibilities each week on Github along with resources to get going
Let’s try to use Jira for precise project management
Simple chart to keep track of what’s efficient to work on at a point in time. Chart with two axis. Y-axis = work required, X-axis = utility provided
Goals and tasks
Get rough idea for implementation down
Learn Unity with tutorials
Pick an idea out of brainstormed ideas
Slides for idea presentation in tutorial
Artifacts
List of Problems that we could solve
Overview document of implementation (rough)
Slides for idea presentation in tutorial
Decision of which idea to pick from our idea-bank and more in depth consideration for that idea
Decide who will do the formal writeup for which parts of the deliverable (we’ll all brainstorm together)

Iteration-01-review
Meeting 1:
- Thursday Oct 6th 2016
- The meeting took place in person in room 3200 BA.
- The purpose of the meeting was to discuss our project options. Each group member put forward a
list of ideas. We then analysed the positives and negatives or each idea (giving each one a final score).
Please refer to Brainstorming Google Doc (link under Artifacts)

Meeting 2:
- Sunday Oct 16th 2016
- The meeting took place over Google hangouts
- We finalised which problem we were going to solve. We discussed roles,
target audience, workflow, weekly tasked and initial blockers. Please refer
to Idea Pitch in artifacts.

Process - Reflection

Decisions that went well:
- We met most of our goals and produced all artifacts, overall went well.
- Setting meetings: Got weekly meeting set up, doing well regardless of midterm week
- Choosing an idea: Chose concrete idea out of our 15+ ideas
- Creating slides: Presentation went well, got favorable reception

Decisions that don’t go as well as we’d hoped:
- Set up fairly ambitious goals for this specific week considering it’s midterm week, couldn't meet a decision:
- Finishing unity tutorials: we’re all about halfway done.
Any changes to process? Set some hard deadlines rather than just list priorities - we need everyone to pick up Unity if we want to be able to move forward with dev. We’re moving along fairly well and we don’t have any flaws with our process at the moment. 

Product - Review
Goals/tasks that were met/complete
- We have a concrete problem to solve 
- Very rough idea of implementation down 
Goals/tasks that were planned but not met/complete
- Having all group member trained in Unity 
- Midterm week gave our group members very little additional time to learn Unity 

Going into the next iteration, our main insights are:
- Aim for high-utility/low-tasks first
- Set concrete deadlines for team to follow rather than just priorities


